# 3. Testing a Simple Home Page with Unit Tests


## When things are about to get real, what do we do expect?

Things are going to go wrong.
It will be a genuine character-building Learning Experience™.

#### genuine

    adjective
    1 a genuine Picasso: authentic, real, actual, original, bona fide, true, veritable; attested, undisputed; informal the real McCoy, honest-to-goodness, honest-to-God, the real thing, kosher. ANTONYMS bogus.
    2 a genuine person: sincere, honest, truthful, straightforward, direct, frank, candid, open; artless, natural, unaffected; informal straight, upfront, on the level, on the up and up. ANTONYMS insincere.

1. Step back and think.
2. Read tracebacks.


## Why does Django encourage us to organize files into *apps*?

    the theory is that one project can have many apps, 
    
    1. you can use third-party apps developed by other people, and 
    2. you might even reuse one of your own apps in a different project…​
    
    although I admit I’ve never actually managed it myself!

WHY?

## What does `$ python manage.py startapp lists` do for us?

It creates a folder called *lists*, and within which there are a number of placeholder files. 

Note that, the `superlist` folder, `manage.py` are created with command:

```commandline
$ django-admin.py startproject superlists .
```

#### placeholder

占位符。


## What is the basic distinction between Unit Tests and Functional Tests?

basic distinction:

> Functional tests test the application from the outside, from the point of view of the user. Unit tests test the application from the inside, from the point of view of the programmer.

workflow:

> The functional tests are driving what development we do from a high level, while the unit tests drive what we do at a low level.

objective

> Functional tests should help you build an application with the right functionality, and guarantee you never accidentally break it. Unit tests should help you to write code that’s clean and bug free.


## What's the difference of two `TestCase`?

```python
from django.test import TestCase
```

This `TestCase` is in file:

/Users/johnqu/.virtualenvs/TDDwP/lib/python3.6/site-packages/django/test/testcases.py

and inherits from `TransactionTestCase-SimpleTestCase-unittest.TestCase`

`unittest.TestCase` is in file:

/Library/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.6/lib/python3.6/unittest/case.py

and inherits from `Object`


## What is the key rule when committing files?

1. use an editor;
2. use the git command line.

> The key rule is: make sure you always review what you’re about to commit before you do it.


## What are the four steps when reading `tracebacks`?

1. Look at the error itself.
2. Double-check which test is failing.
3. Look for the place in our test code that kicked off the failure.
4. Look further down for any of our own application code which was involved with the problem.


##
