# 7. Working Incrementally

## What's the difference between "Testing Goat" and "Refactoring Cat"?

## What do you mean by "up-front"?

: being or coming in or at the front: such as a (1) : being in a conspicuous or leading position (2) : frank, forthright
b : playing in a front line (as in football)
c : paid or payable in advance

## What is "Big Design Up Front"?

## outright banned?


## What does YAGNI birth for?


## REST? and why not?


## What is URL? and what are alternertive about setting urls?


## assertRegex is a helper function from unittest?
 
 that checks whether a string matches a regular expression.


## regular expression 


## introduced a regression 


## instead of using the slightly annoying assertIn/response.content.decode() dance, Django provides the assertContains method, which knows how to deal with responses and the bytes of their content.


## Now we could dive in and add POST request handling to our new view, but that would involve writing a bunch more tests and code, and at this point we’d like to get back to a working state as quickly as possible.


## pay attention to trailing slashes, incidentally. It’s /new, with no trailing slash. The convention I’m using is that URLs without a trailing slash are "action" URLs which modify the database.


## What does new url do in url.py?


## capture group


## Are you wondering about other_list? A bit like in the tests for viewing a specific list, it’s important that we add items to a specific list. Adding this second object to the database prevents me from using a hack like List.objects.first() in the implementation. That would be a stupid thing to do, and you can go too far down the road of testing for all the stupid things you must not do (there are an infinite number of those, after all). It’s a judgement call, but this one feels worth it. There’s some more discussion of this in [testing-for-stupidity].


## response.context represents the context we’re going to pass into the render function—​the Django Test Client puts it on the response object for us, to help with testing.


## .item_set is called a reverse lookup. It’s one of Django’s incredibly useful bits of ORM that lets you look up an object’s related items from a different table…​


## 


## 


## 


## 


## 


## 


## 


## 


## 


## 


## 


## 


## 



